
"*Fire*!" Himari yelled out as she slammed her staff against the ground.

The*Witch Doll *lifted his staff as well at the same time.

The *Troll* that stood in front of her was suddenly struck with an
explosion of flames twice before falling back dead.

Himari quickly turned her attention behind her as she placed her staff
in front of herself just in time for one of the *Feral Wolves* that was
behind her to lunge its claws. She was pushed back as the staff kept the
monster's claws from reaching her.

"*Fly*"

She felt herself become lighter as she pushed the wolf back and floated
into the air. There was what felt like an endless number of monsters in
front of her. The *Witch Doll *flew up to her as it stared at the sea of
monster below them with its beady eyes.

Himari lifted her staff into the air.

"*Fire Strike*!"

The doll followed after her and suddenly there was a barrage of
fireballs throwing themselves at the enemies below her. The explosions
caused a huge ruckus and began covering the field. There seemed to be no
end to the fire barrage attack but it soon came to a halt.

Himari had to be sure there wasn't anything left so she nodded at
the*Witch Doll*.

It nodded back and jumped into the smoke.

Suddenly there was a huge blast coming from below as if something had
detonated. The area below her grew bright red from the flames as she
kept herself in the air. Himari took a deep breath and saw a
notification in front of her saying *[EXP +235]*

She opened her stat menu while she continued to float in the air.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL:11

EXP: 2256/5000

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP: 198/242

Stamina: 210/210

Mana: 103/284

Strength: 206

Endurance: 238

Intelligence: 272

Dexterity: 206

Charisma: 217

Wisdom: 246

It had been hard for her at first when she was sent to this area. She
had been separated from the others and was left alone. There were
monsters crawling everywhere and she was incapable of fighting them all
head on so she had run back and forth trying to take out as little as
she could. This was two weeks ago; now she faced the monsters head on
with determination.

Once she had reached Level 5 her *Class* option had unlocked and she was
able to pick Mage from there. From that point on her stats increased
much greater than before and now she was getting more from her own stats
than from just being Kami's companion. Not that she didn't mind the
extra boost, she could use all the help she could take.

The smoke started clearing up and she decided it was safe to land now.
She gently floated to the ground and looked around. It was clear for
now, but she knew soon there would be more waves of monsters coming.
This is why she specifically had decided to stay in this place for so
long. It appeared that this area kept re spawning and attracting
monsters over and over again and it became easy EXP the more she would
grind. Now she could take on them much easier and was getting a large
boost on her EXP. In just the short two weeks she has been stuck here,
she had leveled up 7 times.

"I wonder if the others are okay... or if Mister Kami is doing fine..."
she thought deeply.

The whole reason why they had come to this Dungeon was to try and save
him but now she was in need of help herself. She had decided not to be a
crybaby about it and be the Hero that she knew Kami would be. She tried
with all her might over her time being stuck her to better herself and
had even learned a few new skills thanks to her Mage Class.

*[Skills]*

*Fire *4 MP Lvl. 15

*Lightning* 4 MP Lvl. 18

*Earth* 4 MP Lvl. 10

*Wind* 4 MP Lvl. 12

*Ice* 4 MP Lvl. 5

*Teleport* 60 MP Lvl. 9

*Fly* 55 MP Lvl. 7

*Fire Strike* 16 MP Lvl. 8

*Lightning Strike* 16 MP Lvl. 7

*Witch Doll* 100 MP Lvl. 5

*ManaGen* --- Lvl. 15

She wasn't quite sure what the Level on the abilities were but she
roughly guessed what it meant. The higher the Level the stronger she
felt her abilities hit and the less they would start costing.

Now as for her passives she had gotten something she was excited about
and felt like it was just too good to be true.

*[Passives] *

*{No Mana, No Problem}* Lvl. 2

*{Half Off Magic Sale}* Lvl. 5

Her first passive*{No Mana, No Problem}* allowed her Mana to instantly
refresh back to half of her maximum mana. It had a long CD time of about
30 minutes so she tried to manage her Mana around that time. Her second
passive*{Half Off Magic Sale}* allowed her to cast any skill based
around MP at half its price at all times. So, if she was going to cast
something like Fire which at its normal base costs 10 MP it would only
cost her 5MP. She soon found herself spamming Skills left and right and
was thrilled to learn she was not at the back end of the party anymore
when the time came to fight.

Himari sat as she pressed her small back against the wall and rested.

"I have to...wait for *Witch Doll* to re spawn..." she said closing her
eyes for a bit.

She had learned many uses for the *[Witch Doll]* while she was in here.
Apart from just being able to cast the spells she did, it could
self-destruct itself which was a very powerful move that almost always
guaranteed she would destroy anything in her path. However, she had to
wait for the *[Witch Doll]* to gather itself up again before she could
use it once more.

"*ManaGen*" she said in a low voice as her voice trailed off.

*[ManaGen]* was a simple skill that regenerated her Mana at a faster
rate than if she allowed herself to rest. It was useful and she could
even use it in combat. Additionally, it had no cost but she could not
use it consecutively. She would have to wait a while before she was able
to use it again.

"Mom... Dad... I miss you..." she spoke before falling asleep.

Back then when Kami had broken the curse they were afflicted with in the
woods she had regained more than she thought. This whole time for 6
years she had the mentality of a small child but when Kami stepped in
and snapped his fingers even though he didn't break the curse she
momentarily regained her true age and with it her mind. Even though now
her body was still of an 8-year-old her mind was more mature. She slowly
over the progress of traveling with Kami began realizing this and now
was desperate to get her original body back.

It was almost like no time had passed while she was asleep before she
felt a thug on her dress. She opened her eyes and saw the small *Witch
Doll* pulling on her and pointing at a monster. She wasn't exactly aware
of how long she had gone to sleep but she knew she had to fight once
more. She stood up as an angry looking *Ghoul *looked back.

Himari had not seen this monster in all her time here and she had no way
of seeing exactly how strong the monster was. She would have to play
this out carefully just in case.

The *Ghoul* was obviously taller than her but not just that, it was
taller than many of the other monsters she had seen. It had glowing
green veins and pale dusty skin. Apart from that its skin was also torn
of in certain areas and she could she parts of its bones and flesh. Its
eyes were hollow black as it screeched at her.

Himari shivered at how creepy it looked before lifting her staff once
more and taking a fighting stance.

"Chibiaru? You ready?"

The *Witch Doll* nodded its small head at her as the fight for survival
and grinding continued once more.

