
Marie changed her attention to the Ghoul in front of her. She used her
*[Data]* skill on it once more to see how much damage Hiromichi and her
dad had done to it while she was busy healing Himari.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Ghoul *

LVL: 32

EXP:12765/29000

Title: /Undead /

Class: Monster/ Dungeon Boss

HP: 956/1158

Stamina: 513/513

Mana:472/472

Strength: 698

Endurance: 901

Intelligence:501

Dexterity: 704

Charisma: 497

Wisdom: 493

She bit her lip when she saw the monsters stats and used her*[Data]
*skill once more on everyone here.



*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Asahi Taniguchi *

Level: 22

EXP: 9876/18000

Title: /Shield Barrer Knight /

Class: Paladin

HP: 459/459

Stamina: 451/451

Mana: 371/371

Strength: 361

Endurance: 433

Intelligence: 290

Dexterity: 315

Charisma: 303

Wisdom:350




*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Hiromichi Ueno *

LVL: 21

EXP: 956/16000

Title: /Cave Dweller /

Class: Beast Tamer

HP:331/331

Stamina: 463/463

Mana: 307/307

Strength: 456

Endurance: 328

Intelligence:298

Dexterity: 469

Charisma: 215

Wisdom: 210




*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL:11

EXP: 2256/5000

Title: Loli In-Training

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP: 242/242

Stamina: 210/210

Mana: 203/284

Strength: 206

Endurance: 238

Intelligence: 272

Dexterity: 206

Charisma: 217

Wisdom: 246




She looked at her stats as well already seeing the huge gap in power
between them and the Ghoul.




*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Marie Taniguchi *

LVL: 15

EXP: 385/ 9000

Title: Devoted Girl

Class: Priestess

HP: 190/190

Stamina: 177/177

Mana: 222/242

Strength: 178

Endurance:192

Intelligence: 234

Dexterity: 189

Charisma: 216

Wisdom: 260




It was no use no matter how she saw it. As hard as it was to accept, she
didn't even know how Himari had been able to survive against the Ghoul.
She looked down at Himari once more and realized why immediately.

It was more than likely the upgrade in gear that Kami had bought her
back at the city of Alzel that had given her that extra boost of
endurance she needed. The gear was clearly higher gear than even
anything her father had on so whatever resistance had enabled her to
survive the hits she did from the Ghoul was clearly from that.

The damage as well; when she and the others had walked into this part of
the dungeon and she had seen the damage on the Ghoul it had taken
already 135 of its HP meaning Himari must have been dealing way more
damage than her stats allowed her to. Once again, she suspected her gear
was the one at play here.

Marie knew that having better gear gave one an advantage that would not
display properly in the stats but she was still impressed it was big
enough to actually allow a little girl like Himari to do that semblance
of damage to a creature much stronger than her.

"How long ago were you fighting the monster Himari?"

She shook her head and looked at her with her eyes full of life. 

"I'm not sure...I was dragging it around for a long while though."

It was nice seeing her so determined after being so upset just a few
minutes ago. Marie looked back at the Ghoul as she lost herself in
thought again. Maybe this is why she had managed to deal that much
damage. After aggroing it around for an extensive amount of time trying
to take it down she was bound to do some damage to it despite their
strength difference. Either case, now was the time to focus on how they
would defeat this creature.

"*Reinforce!*"

The skill was immediately casted upon her father, Hiromichi, Himari and
herself. She decided this was going to be a fight where she and the
others would have to push themselves to survive.

Himari lifted her staff into the air as she yelled out.

"*Witch Doll!*"

The small doll popped from the ground where a glyph was summoned as
Marie stared at it in confusion.

She did not know what that thing was but she was sure it had been
something Kami had probably taught her.

Hiromichi and Asahi continued their trade. Asahi would momentarily block
the creature's attacks and as soon as there was an opening Hiromichi
would step in and deal his own blow.

"*Claw Strike*!" Hiromichi yelled out as he once again swiped at the Ghoul.

The attack had little effect but it must have had a recoil effect since
every time he would use it the Ghoul would stumble back in confusion.

"Tch, this shit is not going down easy! Marie are we doing anything to
this thing?!"

"N-no it's Endurance and HP are too high, we're barely managing any
damage to it."

"Beast Tamer, use some of your monsters to have more support in the
front line. If this keeps up we'll end up giving before we can take it
down!" Asahi added

Hiromichi jumped a few feet back as he took a scroll out from one of his
pockets.

"I know old man no need to tell me how to handle this!"

He opened up the scroll as puff of smoke appeared and four Giant Feral
Wolves appeared running up to the Ghoul and biting on its limbs.

The Ghoul however seemed unaffected by this as it stood there silently
for a bit before lifting its arm and striking down on one of the wolves
that was gnawing on its leg, instantly killing it.

"S-shit! What an asshole!" Hiromichi yelled as he ran up to the Ghoul in
an attempt to strike it once more.

"Beast Tamer wait!" Asahi yelled out

It was too late the Ghoul looked up in time as it pushed Asahi back and
grabbed on Hiromichi's neck.

"W-what the hell this thing is faster than it appears, ngh!" Hiromichi
said as he struggled to break free.

Marie lifted her staff and yelled out.

"*Cleanse Undead!*"

There was a temporary bright light that came from Marie's weapon that
illuminated the area. The Ghoul felt the effects of the attack but was
only slightly fazed by it.

This was as good as moment as any as Hiromichi felt the Ghouls grip
slightly loosen. He lifted his legs and placed them on the Ghouls sides
as he pushed with all his might and fell backwards onto the ground.

The Ghoul regained his composure looking back down at Hiromichi and
groaned.

"*Fire Strike!*"

A barrage of fireballs struck the Ghoul as Hiromichi crawled back from
the explosions and stood up looking back at Himari.

The other Feral Wolves backed off from the Ghoul as they saw the flames
igniting it and just walked around it surrounding it like prey.

She and the Witch Doll stood a few feet away raising their staffs, ready
to partake in the battle.

"W-what the hell is that little small toy?! When did you learn to use
those spells?!"

Himari activated *[Fly] *as she levitated onto the air and looked down
on them.

"I'll take aerial offensive. Don't worry about me, as long as I can stay
a distance away I should be ok."

"Tch, look at this kid, she really is Kami's companion. Getting that
same cocky attitude" Hiromichi said as he returned his focus on the Ghoul.

It wasn't long before the Ghoul emerged from the flames and ran up to
one of the Giant Feral Wolves and instantly punched it once more killing
it instantaneously.

Asahi now focused once more rushed the Ghoul as his giant shield began
to glow.

"*Shield Bash!*"

He slammed his shield against the Ghoul as it was thrown back into the
wall causing yet another explosion.

"Not yet! This is not usually a first option but we need to get this
down as quickly as possible!" Asahi said.

He slammed his shield down into the floor as the area around him began
to glow.

"We have a small window of time to strike as much as we can against the
Ghoul once I activate this skill, brace yourself, Beast Tamer, young
Himari!!"

Hiromichi and Himari were not sure what was happening but they nodded
their heads as they looked at the Ghoul stumbling back from the hole it
had been on inside the wall.

"*Guard Tribute!*"

Once again Asahi rushed onto Ghoul who was still attempting to stand up
from being thrown back and struck it once more with his shield. There
was a bright light as Asahi was blown back and the Ghoul raised its head
onto the air and groaned loudly.

Marie knew exactly what had happened. Her father had used this attack
previously in other battles as a last resort sort of tactic. *[Guard
Tribute]* would sacrifice all his Endurance and convert it into an
attack that would not only do damage, but also lower the Endurance of
whoever was hit equal to the amount he had sacrificed. It was a risk all
sort of attack that was not effective on a 1v1 scenario considering if
the opponent is still stronger. Even in this situation it was not
optimal considering now they no longer had a tank to defend them and
they would have to place all their cards in damaging it before the
debuff ran out.

Just at the exact same moment Himari's began glowing slight as she
looked at herself in confusion. She immediately looked up at Hiromichi
and smiled brightly.

"I-I think Mister Kami leveled up! Does that mean he's here?!"

"Tch, you weren't this excited when you saw me what's that about?!"
yelled out Hiromichi

Marie quickly activated her*[Data]* skill once more to see the
difference in stats for the Ghoul and take a glance at Himari's newer
stats.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Ghoul *

LVL: 32

EXP:12765/29000

Title: /Undead /

Class: Monster/ Dungeon Boss

HP: 943/1158

Stamina: 513/513

Mana:472/472

Strength: 698

Endurance: 468

Intelligence:501

Dexterity: 704

Charisma: 497

Wisdom: 493




*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL:11

EXP: 2256/5000

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP:343/343

Stamina: 310

Mana: 384/384

Strength: 306

Endurance: 338

Intelligence: 372

Dexterity: 306

Charisma: 317

Wisdom: 346

"Perfect, guys if you can barrage it with attacks we might just win now,
no time to waste, finish it off!" yelled out Marie in an excited tone
reading herself to do any amount of work she could do.

She lifted her weapon at both Himari and Hiromichi and yelled out as
many skills as she could consecutively.

"*Intelligence Enhance! Strength Enhance! Dexterity Enhance! Critical
Boost! Base Augment! Skill Upgrade! Undead Strike Elevate! Physical Pen!
Magical Pen! Blessing Light!*"

She dropped her weapon to her side as she breath heavily having done
everything she could possibly do.

"Heh! Done deal then! Check this shit out!"

Hiromichi ran up to the Ghoul at full speed as the two Giant Feral
Wolves remaining ran side by side. Hiromichi lifted his arms to his side
as he grinned.

"Sorry boys I'm going to need your strength!*Beast Overload!*"

The two Giant Feral Wolves glowed momentarily as they began converting
into energy that surrounded Hiromichi's arms. The energy was almost
overwhelming as he reached the Ghoul and punched it as hard as he could.

The Ghoul was surprised as it once again was thrown into wall but this
time let out a loud groan that sounded like it had taken a bit of damage.

"Alright Himari, you're up next kid, show us what you can do now!"
yelled out Hiromichi as he collapsed immediately afterwards onto the
ground unable to move.

"S-shit...why does that always happen..."

Himari swung her staff around as she looked at the Witch Doll and nodded
her head.

"*Fire Strike!*"

Again, a barrage of fireballs flew towards the Ghoul covering in a layer
of fire. The explosion force of the fireballs caused the wall around the
Ghoul to begin collapsing in on itself.

The Witch Doll however lifted its staff and casted a *[Lightning
Strike]* sending multiple bolts of lightning towards the Ghoul.

When the fire and the lighting met they caused an even bigger explosion
that created a powerful air current and completely brought down the wall
ontop of the Ghoul.

"Sorry Chibiaru! See you in a bit!" Himari said looking at it once more.

The Witch Doll nodded its head knowing what to do as it flew towards the
direction of the Ghoul and into the smoke.

Suddenly there was another huge explosion as the area around it began
glowing bright red from all the flames in the area.

There was a moment of silence where they all stared, waiting to see what
was happening next but were immediately relieved when they saw the
[EXP+5900] message pop up in front of them.

Himari flew down to the ground, happy as she saw the rest of the group
laying on the ground unable to move but just as happy at the results.

"S-shit man that took everything we had... I'm voting we get the hell
out of this Dungeon..." said Hiromichi in a tired voice.

"W-we can't we still have to find Keishi...and if Kami-sama is here,
then we also need to look for him." said Marie as she placed her hand on
her chest trying to take in steady breaths.

"Marie is right, we can't abandon either of them now, not to mention the
Prince might still be alive with the rest of them."said Asahi standing
up seemingly the only one not completely tired.

"Tch, guess you're right...that hot chick Sayu is in here too...wonder
what happened to her... I'm not too worried about Kami though... knowing
him, he's probably going around killing everything in his path..."

Himari smiled once more at the thought that his Hero was somewhere here
taking care of business she could only imagine.

