
2. It's more,proper? As in, no story goes on forever as such so most
titles that are long have multiple entries. Seems like the right thing
to do,right?

3. Gives me a chance to put in a new little cover as something fun! (I
am terrible at designing covers I feel like this could be more of a
disadvantage than a benefit).


I can't really think of any other Benefits but now onto the other points.

*_Disadvantages._*

1. Starting a new one feels like starting from scratch. Although I'm
aware that there is an established amount of readers already this could
mean I lose a larger part who are unaware there's a second Volume. 

2. I don't enjoy the idea of having two stories based around the same
story in my work section. I know that sounds stupid but I think ONE book
per story I come up with is neat(Albeit, contradicted eventually by a
large amount of chapters in one story)

3. I have to come up with a new cover.


That's really all I can come up with I didn't really think about writing
a second Volume until recently but at the same time I would like some
input. Should I separate the story into a second book or should I just
continue from the already established one?

Either way, don't fret or panic or lose your grip. I AM continuing the
story and I must admit, it was fun watching some of you get frantic over
it. Makes me somewhat happy knowing there's people who truly enjoyed my
badly written story. AGAIN, I repeat, the story will continue. I mean
did you see how many stuff there's to cover? That's like, 1/4 of the
story I have in mind...or was it 1/3? Don't worry, stay strong, and wait
for my update, thank you!

UPDATE: Sorry few things, I am planning to take a small little break
either way. I have been writing none stop for a while now and even
getting those 3 chapters out at the same time(originally planning it to
be 5 tbh) was so time consuming. I'm not saying I'll be gone for a good
while but maybe a day or two please understand =_=. Also, here's a
example I had worked on for the Volume II cover in case anyone was
curious about my cover design skills. This image is of course not mine,
but borrowed...should really keep the links somewhere damn.

should really keep the links somewhere damn


          New Year's Resolution

*Hiromichi*: Can't believe another year went by like that. Time goes to
damn fast now a days!

*Thief*: I would say,ku ku! Considering Kami brought you in as a
criminal you probably had a crazy one.

*Hiromichi*: Tch,that's in the past now anyway! I ain't no low brow
criminal now, I've gone straight edge from now on, in fact, that's my
New Year's resolution!

*Thief*: New Year's resolution? What's that?

*Hiromichi*: Sayu says it's some commitment to change a bad behavior or
something, that's mine! No longer will I be treated as a criminal!
*smacks table*

*Thief*: H-hey careful with the drinks y-you savage,ku!

*Hiromichi*: What about you, anything you wanna commit to stopping or
changing *Stares at alcohol*

*Thief*: I can't think of anything of the tip of my tongue...

*Hiromichi*:**Seriously? Like... maybe lower the daily alcohol
consumption from a set of 10 people to 5 or so... shit man.

*Thief*: It's not a bad behavior if it's so fun,ku ku!

*Hiromichi*: What about you Sayu? You didn't really tell me anything
about your New Years resolution

*Sayu*: Hmph, I have no such need for a childish thing. The All-Mighty
Creator made me as he intended. I have no desire to go against his
wishes. *proudly sticks her chest out*

*Hiromich*i: Tch, I can think of one thing you should change, that damn
egoistic personality of yours!

*Sayu*: Wouldn't expect for an animal of your intellect to understand
the grandeur that is his plan.

*Kami*: That's fine Sayu you should have something to strive for,
anything at all *stares intently at her hoping to find a semblance of
progress in her personality*

*Sayu*: W-well if I had to come up with something, I would say...to be a
more reliable Archangel in the eyes of the Omnipotent! * sticks chest
out proudly once more*

*Hiromichi*: What a stuck up-*clears throat* What about you Himari,
actually I'm surprised we didn't really talk about this but you're older
looking now huh? Kami finally broke the curse, about damn time!

*Himari*: *nods head* I want to get stronger so I can be more reliable
for Mister Kami!

*Kami*: *stares dumbfounded* (they both have the same resolution just
worded differently, ahhh)

*Hiromichi*: This asshole can take care of himself you don't need to
waste your time trying to get stronger for him. You! What about you then
hotshot!

*Kami*: Me? I don't know I've never really thought about it, years tend
to go by minutes at times for me...I guess if I had one, it would be to
be closer to my family and friends and think more about them before I
make a decision.

*Thief*: T-t-that's q-q-quite noble of y-y-you g-g-reat deity from the
s-s-skies! *shaken up after learning of Kami's presence here*

*Kami*: *nods head* Right. My twin brother has always tried reaching out
to me for the longest time but I've always been busy and my younger
sister...well I can't really say much, it's nearly impossible for us to
be in the same space without her causing problems.

*Hiromich*i: That's harsh man. Shit, best of luck with that.

*Sebastien*: Oho, monsieur has family problems. Perhaps I should
intervene to lighten ze mood,no?

*Hiromichi*: Alright lover boy what you got then?!

*Sebastien*: To sleep with all these beautiful ladies that surround me!

*Hiromichi*: What the hell man?! That's not a good resolution!

*Thief*: Ew...with you, who,ku ku! *forgets Kami's Godly presence*

*Sayu*: Disgusting filthy monkeys...

*Kami*: Go get them tiger. *raises drink into the air* You Hero of Tyr?

*Alruin*: I... * stares at Sayu* would say that I wish to sway the heart
of certain person in my favor... but it would be selfish of me to say
that. I believe I wish to be a better Hero for those who need my
assistance.

*Hiromichi*: Tch, what the hell is the point of saying that whole
selfish shit if you're still going to say it anyway...

*Kami*: That's really cool. I hope to more along those lines the more I
grow into a Hero myself. *Admires Alruin's commitment as a Hero*

*Alruin*: You flatter me with your praise, God Kami. *kneels in front of
Kami*

*Kami*: Please stand up Hero I'm actually a bit embarrassed at having
you kneel like that, haha. *truly is*

*Hiromichi*: W-w-here's that stupid penguin anyway?! Shit wanted to ask
him what he wanted as a resolution.

*Kami*: Oh, you haven't heard, he was taking a break from writing the
story. He should be back soon though.

*Hiromichi*: What story?

*Kami*: Not important, anyway he asked me to read this for him so *pulls
out note* My New Year resolution is to improve my writing and make more
time to read up on books made by other authors. Seems like a fairly
simple one.

*Hiromichi*: H-how the hell did he know we were going to talk about
Resolutions for New Years?

*Kami*: *snaps fingers*

*Hiromichi*: *Face falls flat onto the table* ZZZ...

*Thief*: *panics*W-w-w-ell done your h-h-h-holiness
majesti...tudei..ty....ku...

*Himari*: Do you think we'll be around for a while Mister Kami.

*Kami*: Hmm... I think so, I doubt the author has run out of ideas. We
should enjoy the moments that we can together for now though. Now how
does he usually end these?

(Himari and Sayu stare in confusion)

*Himari*: I was talking about...staying in the city for a while.

*Kami*: Alright thank you all for reading the book, catch you on the
sequel *salutes*


chapter but wanted to
post it out. I know I said I'll be taking a small break from writing and
I am but I hardly constitute this as working on the book. Anyway enjoy
and YES I have decided thanks to some of your comments and suggestions
from other sources to write a Volume 2 instead( which is a continuation
of this story with the same characters, I actually have to point that
out cause some of you think it'll be something completely different). I
thank you for your opinions and hope to continue receiving your support
when I release the second part  of this series. Till then!*/_

